4       HARD    Median of Two Sorted Arrays
    The point is to divide two arrays in two parts each and to compare the mid element
    in this parts. Better read editorial...

22      MEDIUM  Generate parentheses
    Recursive call to close and to open paranthese.

23      HARD    Merge K lists
    Merge k lists by merging every two in recursion cycle.
    
32      HARD    Longest valid parentheses
    Used stack for saving the indes of last element which has no open parentheses
    or is closing parenthese while where are no open parenthese before it

33      MEDIUM  Search in Rotated Sorted array
    Some bin. search with additions

34      MEDIUM  Find First and Last Position of Elements in Sorted Array
    Using bin. search 3 times with different conditions but nothing else.

35      EASY    Search Insert Position
    Bin. search

39      MEDIUM  Combination sum
    Use simple idea of backtracing.

43      MEDIUM  Multiply strings
    Multiplication using carry and current integers. Clever idea of using answer size = num1 size + num2 size.

46      MEDIUM  Permutations
    Can be solved using backtracking and also using unordered_set.

52      HARD    N-Queens II
    Needed to check solutions + write it on paper. Going column- and row-wise using some smart way + check for diagonals.

53      MEDIUM  Maximum Subarray
    Kadane algorithm (I don't know what is the Kadane algorithm but the idea is pretty simple)

66      EASY    Plus one
    Adding 1 to array of long integer while the radix are equal to 9

74      MEDIUM  Search A 2D Matrix
    Just consider that a 2D matrix is an array and use bin. search.

77      MEDIUM  Combinations
    There is very cool iterative method but recursive one was faster. Just adding numbers in order of magnitude.

79      MEDIUM  Word search
    DFS and renaming board characters with '*' in order to use less memory to store already used symbols.

108     EASY    Convert sorted array to binary search tree
    Not quite easy, but uses divide and conquer method.

127     HARD    Word Ladder
    The same as 127. BFS, using queue and unordered_set.
    Much faster if delete words from the set when they are first found, not when they are iterated.

148     MEDIUM  Sort list
    The idea is merge sort where you divide the listnode chain into two by making null (nil in go) in middle.

153     MEDIUM  Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted array
    It's a little bit harder but requires to write all conditions one time and there would be a clear way to shorten all this.

211     MEDIUM  Design Add and Search Words Data Structure
    Wrote simple Trie with Node and made search with BFS. Recursive methods tend to be faster although.

212     HARD    Word Search II
    Using Trie to find word. Don't use hash_tables, only marking/unmarking the board and not storing isWord
    in TrieNode but storing the whole word. If word is pushed to the answer vector, then word is cleared in Node.

215     MEDIUM  Find K Pairs with Smallest Sums
    The idea is using heap and adding k pairs with nums2[0] and then adding pair with nums2[i + 1] after adding pair to result.

409     EASY    Longest palindrome
    Count all letters and get maximum palindrome

415     EASY    Add strings
    Reversing two inputs and adding a number by number.

427     MEDIUM  Construct quad tree
    That was a hard one using recursive calling.

433     MEDIUM  Minimum Genetic Mutation:
    BFS, using queue of strings and checking for every possibility of change in small string of 8 elements.

502     HARD    IPO
    It is hard problem but it just implies sorting and then using heap. Nothing cool.

918     MEDIUM  Maximum Sum Circular Subarray
    That was the tough one. So, the point is to find minimum and maximum subarray sums (using Kadane) and return something you need.
    I mean (total sum - min) or max.
